[16.0][ADD] stock_split_picking_dimension: Split picking based on dimension (#1741)
OCA/stock-logistics-workflow: stock_split_picking_dimension/readme/CONTEXT.md

> When dealing with large quantities of products, it could be useful to be able to split
> the picking into multiple pickings to simplify the picking process and improve the
> efficiency of the warehouse. Some times, the picking you would like to process is too
> large to be picked in one go or too heavy to be carried by one person or contains too
> many different products to be picked in one go.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When dealing with large quantities of products, it is useful to split
the picking into multiple pickings to reduce the time spent on a picking and eventually parallelize the work to improve the
efficiency of the warehouse. Sometimes the picking you would like to process is too
large to be picked in one go or too heavy to be carried by one person or contains too
many different products to be picked in one go.
```
